♪♪
♪
♪♪♪
♪♪
♪
♪♪♪
♪♪♪♪
♪ Today, the time to get started has come again ♪
(kyou mo mata kono jikan ga yatte mairimashita)
♪ Cola, check! Potato chips, check! Cushion, OK! ♪
(koora ni potechi ni kusshon OK!)
♪ D-pad functionality confirmed, A B rapid fire! ♪
(juuji kii no dousa kakunin AB rensha)
♪ The inevitable battle is going to happen here, here, here, here, here, here, here, HERE! ♪
(yuzurenai tatakai ga koko ni arun da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da)
♪ This encounter is a trick played by fate ♪
(kono enkaunto unmei no itazura)
♪ Are you ready for the retro game? ♪
(retorogee junbi wa ii kai?)
♪ Have you already checked it it's the correct judgement? One, two... ♪
(atari hantei chekku zumi wan tsuu)
♪ Come! ♪
(Saa!)
♪ Come, let's begin! ♪
(Saa hajimeyou!)
♪ Captivated by a mysterious mushroom ♪
(ushigi na kinoko ni hamatchatte)
♪ Kicking the turtle shell up high ♪
(koura o ketobashi hai)
♪ 1Up!×∞ ♪
♪ Forcefully bumping up the score, and saying 'Bye Bye' at the valley ♪
(kyousei sukurooru afurarete tanisoko baibai)
♪ Overly obsessed with not making a single mistake! ♪
(noo misu tte yokubari sugi ja nai!)
♪ Having already forgotten the original goal ♪
(honrai no mokuteki wasurechate)
♪ Tortoise, the princess, get over there! ♪
(riku game ohimesama sotchinoke)
♪ Doing it without even taking a look at your eyes ♪
(kimi ni me ni mo no misete yari mashou)
♪ As for getting a new record for Time Attack... ♪
(taimu atakku kiroku koushin de)
♪ There's no way I won't be able to achieve that! ♪
(makeru wakenai jan!)
Ai's cover song: Retro Mania Rhapsody
Original by Kagamine Rin/Len
Produced by PolyphonicBranch
Translated by Ryogawa!
Join the Kizuna Ai fan Discord for notification on new subs!